doc: nrf: add section comparing MQTT and REST (#6745)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf_cloud.rst

#. Device connected to nRF Cloud over REST, interacting using the `nRF Cloud REST API`_.
#. Device connected to a customer cloud service in a suitable manner. The services can be used from the customer cloud service that communicates over REST to the nRF Cloud REST API in a proxy configuration.

Choosing a protocol: MQTT or REST
*********************************

> REST Overview:
> * The device initiates a TLS connection to nRF Cloud.
> * nRF Cloud supports a connection keep-alive/idle time of 60 seconds for REST API sockets.
> * For authentication, the device must send a JSON Web Token (JWT) with each REST transaction.  The JWT is approximately 450 bytes, but can be larger depending on the claims.
> * Each REST transaction contains HTTP headers, including the JWT, and any API specific payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REST overview
=============

* The device initiates a TLS connection to nRF Cloud.
* nRF Cloud supports a connection keep-alive/idle time of 60 seconds for REST API sockets.
* For authentication, the device must send a JSON Web Token (JWT) with each REST transaction. 
  The JWT is approximately 450 bytes, but can be larger depending on the claims.
* Each REST transaction contains HTTP headers, including the JWT, and any API specific payload.
```

> MQTT Overview:
> * The device initiates a mutual-TLS (mTLS) connection to the nRF Cloud MQTT broker.
> * The MQTT keep-alive time can be set by the device and can be longer than 60s.
> * Device authentication via mTLS lasts throughout the MQTT connection.
> * Once connected, the device subscribes to the desired MQTT topics.
> * Each MQTT publish event contains the MQTT topic and the payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MQTT overview
=============

* The device initiates a mutual-TLS (mTLS) connection to the nRF Cloud MQTT broker.
* The MQTT keep-alive time can be set by the device and can be longer than 60s.
* Device authentication through mTLS lasts throughout the MQTT connection.
* Once connected, the device subscribes to the desired MQTT topics.
* Each MQTT publish event contains the MQTT topic and the payload.
```

> MQTT has a higher (data/power) cost to setup a connection.  However, the data size per MQTT publish event is smaller than a comparable REST transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MQTT has a higher (data/power) cost to set up a connection.  However, the data size of a MQTT publish event is smaller than a comparable REST transaction.
```

MQTT may be preferred if a device is able to maintain a connection to the broker and sends/receives data frequently.

> REST may be preferred if a device sends data infrequently or does not need to receive unsolicited data from the cloud.

Reviewer: How about having this information right after the considerations below?
